I love tiny computers and I love all of
the cool premium innovations that are
being done in the space which is why I'm
excited to look at the sh Thor Zone Nano
q r and s a really cool small form
factor option that has been had a lot of
hype around it lately and
oh look at the color on this and also
interesting packaging this is a there's
like no cardboard I guess there's
cardboard inside the case but other than
that it's just fo and the outside of it
I love this color already this is sick
it comes in three colors it comes in a
graphite which is what I imagine this to
be silver and black white black and
black some of the front pieces appear to
have fallen off in shipping is that
supposed to be like what happened is
that supposed to be glue did this come
out oh it Brokey okay A bit of a rough
start on top of the hype for this case
there's also been a little bit of
controversy about QC issues Thor Zone
they're a really new case manufacturer
they've only been in the game for like 5
years I think they had a Kickstarter a
couple years back that was successful uh
they released and got the case to a lot
of people but obviously it was not
without troubles um like any sort of
Kickstart operation scaling up is always
difficult but they're back again and it
well it seems like they still need to
work on their QC because uh that's tough
but we can talk about that this is
actually a feature they have swappable
things what front pieces when they don't
fall off these are supposed to be
replaceable with like a walnut or a
carbon one I think the Walnut looks
pretty sick it reminds me of like the
fractal North or the Terra this is their
bigger case this is the r I do want to
take a quick peek at their smaller case
and also see if we got a different color
so this is what the silver looks like
it's funny that the packaging didn't
match the color cuz this one the
packaging matches that one they said nah
too too tired too hard the color is very
uh Mac it Johnny IV would be proud the
outside frame on this is anodized
aluminum and the inside is steel mostly
it's kind of like a frame with a really
nice shroud that goes over the outside
of it and I'll show you what I mean in
just a bit so the two sizes the S and
the r are 11 L and 16 L respectively and
both are fairly compatible with a lot of
different Hardware the r supports up to
four slot gpus whereas it's just three
slot gpus on the smaller one and there's
a slight bit of difference in height for
CPU coolers um but this being kind of an
AO focused case at least that's how I
see it you're not going to have too many
problems with compatibility because of
our part selection we're going to go
with the big case also I think the color
is better this doesn't come with
instructions there is a QR code on the
box that has a link to the instructions
I printed them off for my convenience
and I forgot to double-side it so I feel
bad about the environment to unlock it
we just move these and
then look what's in
here it's our sponsor thanks to motion
gry for sponsoring this video desks we
all use them we all need them but is
your desk as good as it can be probably
not motion gray offers sitto desks in a
wide variety of models and sizes they're
simple to assemble and fully
customizable with a bunch of available
accessories so you're sure to be able to
pick one out that suits your needs they
also have a range of ergonomic chairs
available with each one focusing on
adjustability affordability and
providing maximum comfort check out
motion gray at the link below and use
code Linus for 10% off your purchase
this is this is a lot of metal just this
like look at how thick that is that's
like got to be like a half like 4 mm or
maybe 5 mm of metal all the way around
and it's really smooth the edges are
really really well done it's not sharp
this
is this alone is not cheap it comes with
an aiio it's not in its original
packaging which is fine it it's the
least premium thing I've encountered so
far this is an acitech pump uh it's
their gen 7 pump acitech you might not
know of them but they actually make like
most of the aios for other companies um
you can see that this one's really small
so like what a lot of companies do is
that they get this AIO they swap out
like the cold plate they swap out the
housing and then bada bing bada boom you
have a different AIO with your own brand
name on it this is a very basic AIO this
just has a header for your pump you'll
have to plug your fans into different
headers this also doesn't included with
the case it is an optional add-on for
€110 which is basically $110 but I'm not
doing the math editor will do it right
here tip put a soft cloth underneath to
avoid
scratches like an LTT store desk pad oh
look at that so in our accessories bin
we have
screws handles and the light rays which
are just RGB strips these are both
options as well you don't have to
purchase them but uh the handles
apparently they're kind of neat so I'm
looking forward to those and then wow
the screws are like in a foam housing
look at that that's bougie for all of
the fancy stuff they give you they don't
give you the hex key to unscrew some
stuff so thankfully it's a relatively
common hex size in H2 so you'll likely
have one in Your Arsenal but if you
don't a key would have been really nice
oh cool some magnetic uh mesh fan
filters for all of the sides what am I
supposed to do there's a spot to the top
for a 120 or 140 mm fan and other than
that I believe that all the fans have to
be attached to a radiator or like your
GPU or something to accommodate more
configurations of Hardware say you have
a taller CPU Cooler or a smaller GPU and
you want to get it closer to the side
for some reason you can adjust the spine
it's just a matter of loosening this
thumb screw down here and then once you
get the sixth screw out it looks like
yeah it just kind of slides over there
shifting spines is something we've seen
a few times in cases the fractal Tera is
probably the most popular example of a
case that has a shifting spine and it's
honestly a great feature that allows for
way more compatibility because now as I
said you can put a pump here you can put
a bigger power supply you can have a
smaller GPU or you can get a really big
GPU and compromise on the CPU cooling
it's awesome we're going to keep it with
the at the we got to have three slots so
I think we are actually keeping it over
this way but we're like slightly taller
than three slots as you can see so if
we're at that position we don't it no
worky this is the colorful iame 490 that
you may have seen in the all screen PC
on LTT it's a beefer triple and a half
slot which means four slot cuz you can't
have half a slot it's it's it's tough to
fit into much so we're going to go with
the largest configuration and I guess
I'll put all those screws back in after
taking them out we do put our LED strips
in right now according to the
instructions and those go on these
little spines you can see if we look at
the layout of the case motherboard
around here power supply around here
here's where our radiator is going to go
and and it's going to be an intake
that's going to be blowing air to both
of our to both halves of our system and
so you can see that this side has all of
these little mounting points for
radiators and our fans and this side is
solid because of RGB baby let's go I
know this is like a premium case but it
is funny to me that they are like yeah
we're going to have tooling to put
screws in here so that you can
exclusively screw these into here that's
like what this is for
why didn't they just save money and give
me some sticky boys so the light rays
are an additional €30 which is kind of a
crazy price point considering that these
are not even diffuse light strips I
guess the plus side is that they do work
with signal RGB the motherboard all
right we're getting somewhere now in
addition to our 490 we're going to be
putting in a AMD ryzen 979 50x so uh
pretty beefed up system not going to lie
but I mean that's like what this is for
you're not going to be buying this case
if uh you ain't putting some real beef
in it you know nonf Ferris screws these
aren't magnetic come on how much did I
pay for this case
unbelievable now we're making progress
it really they really did put it down to
the wire if you look there is like this
goes like exactly to the width of this I
think you might even lose some
compatibility if you put the LED strips
in because if you had one of those Rog
motherboards that has like the SS D
Mount like up here you might bump into
this like even this the the the plug for
the LED is actually like interfering
with my ability to plug this in a little
bit the following steps are only
necessary when using extremely long gpus
so you can actually unscrew these screws
at the Four Corners and you can take the
whole front of the case off if you have
a very very long GPU that you need to
get in there all right power supply time
The Cooler Master V100 it's an 1100 wat
sfx power supply that kind of cheats the
sfx spec by having a these little things
sticking out but it's still crazy that
they fit that much power into such a
small small little guy it would be nice
if they had like the other components
printed in the instructions so you kind
of had a little bit easier time you know
orienting yourself but they don't I find
this this level of GPU seg uh very
concerning um and there's no screws or
anything to mount it into the actual
back panel like you can see we're just
kind of hovering here all the support
it's a lot of stress on the pcie slot so
I'm going to just like kind of
tie it
in while I'm working with it and then uh
hopefully that'll prevent that cuz once
the side panels in it's not going to Psy
too much there I'm really like wondering
if I missed something so I thought that
this like power supply was going to be
kind of like mounted like on these two
top bars here but what it's actually
going to be doing is just hanging
from these little bars as they insert
from
here and then it will screw in through
the back side and then this will just be
like attached there a little bit weird
again again a little bit less stable
than I would kind of want especially for
a case that comes with a handle which
means like maybe you'll be moving it
around but again once we get all the
cables and maybe things will kind of
hold themselves into place though I
don't usually want to just rely on the
rest of my Hardware to hold my Hardware
in place one thing I do like is that you
can see on the mount right here is that
we do have again uh an adjustable height
for increased compatibility that's
something like everything in this case
seems to have that we like just
don't have enough to get this power
supply and this orientation that's cuz I
screwed it it upside down like a dumb
wait if I go the other way if I screw it
in like
this it plugs the wrong way around and I
don't have quite enough
slack to get there oh no I do a lot of
times people are worried about like hot
air going into their power supply that's
not really something you should be
worried about power supplies are raided
to withstand a lot of heat in your case
and in this case it's actually going to
be helping us by encouraging our flow
through cooler and exhausting stuff out
the back so this is actually a good way
of orienting this and you don't have to
worry about it it's not like it's going
to get choked out because we have a flow
through cooler if this was a solid back
GPU I would flip it around the other way
to make sure that you're getting enough
air to your power supply but in this
case it's going to it's going to have no
issues with air flow that's going to
that's that clears it that clears it but
we're going it's funny that there wasn't
that much Cable Management to be done
because there's not that many cables
there's no front I/O really there's just
the power button and the RGB ends right
by your motherboard so this Cable's
really easy to just install though it is
kind of a it's a little too short to be
like conveniently routed the acch AIO
didn't come with any fans luckily I got
these really cool metal Phantom Alpha
cool that we saw at CES like last year
and um I was planning on using just one
of them for the top depending on the
color so they're they're not going to be
matching but we're going to use them
yeah they come in matte black they have
a ched out
version um and then this one I think is
gold and they also have a white version
the gold though look at that luckily we
have some 280 fans from the rad that I
was going to use and uh we'll toss those
on because these uh they're 120s we've
got our fans on our radiator now and
we're about to put stuff in and now I am
seeing that this isn't as spacious as I
once thought first off this cable is
kind of getting in the way in a big way
it's kind of crossing over where we want
our radiator to go it looks like you're
able to pop this out and flipped around
boot I do not have the strength to do so
it's got these weird Clips in it another
thing to worry about is all these cables
coming from your power supply because uh
they could get jammed into your fans so
I think we're going to be okay it's just
going to be a little bit less than
pretty after finagling with the
screwdriver we were able to pop this out
we're going to turn it so that it goes
90° the other direction and then we're
going to pop it back in let's just get
this screwed in and then we'll deal with
the cable routing now we just got to get
our two radiator fans plugged in and
then we are good to go I need a y
splitter yeah the last thing that's
going in is our fan and I need to make
sure which screws we use the long screws
for these fans all righty and now these
screws are going to be nicely
hidden by our little
posts that Andy nicely fixed for us by
putting the magnets back in we just
about done filler right on up important
thing to note we put a 120 fan at the
top this also supports a 140 mm fans at
top so if you have a bigger fan go for
it Moment of Truth to see if it posts or
stays on the power supply has no switch
so the other issue the other thing might
be that my uh front panel connector is
plugged in
incorrectly they're going now this is
looking great and I just missed the
chance to go into the BIOS and also
don't have a keyboard now we're going to
try and get this thing on what is
happening why is this been disconnect oh
my gosh oh no look at what happened to
the magnetic dust filter look at this oh
oh gosh oh wow look at
this look at that you got to be really
careful that's their rated height that's
default so here's something you should
be really careful about is that this
pcie cable if you have it extend all the
way
over this pole it can get caught it
looks like they don't actually show
anywhere in the actual PCI installation
instructions that you shouldn't run it
there but in an earlier
picture they have the cable run in
between the motherboard on the other
side of this pillar but like it's still
going to be the motherboard is still the
the furthest extension and I guess we
need to adjust we can't adjust the spine
so this goes here it plugs into there
but there's no depiction of that it
actually has to go behind this little
post which if you've already had your
motherboard mounted like they ask you to
in the manual you might not be able to
squeeze it like I can't get this because
of this m.2 slot on the back of the
motherboard I'm not going to be able to
get this in around there so I'd have to
like remember to have that routed ahead
of time what happened
what is going on here look at what
the okay you have to be really really
careful about uh your cables and stuff
inside because it's a really tight fit
there's not a lot of wiggle room between
the outer walls of the case I was like I
slid it in there and now it looks pretty
freaking sick not going to lie that I'm
now really excited about this again uh
now this case actually supports a couple
different orientations you can put the
feet of the case on in multiple spots
oh we also have to install the handles
so yeah the case feet are included with
the rest of the screws and stuff and
these are just like little stick on ones
they go into these little holes so you
can Orient your case anywhere where you
have these
holes the locks are disengaged it's just
that I think there's just so much
pressure from the cables Andy can you
put like a hand
here there we go you just need to make
sure that your cables are really tucked
away cuz it we we didn't have this much
trouble getting it out
before the cables were
in here we go so now what I was trying
to say was that if we want to
get the handles in we have to take
out these bottom posts and I don't want
to do that cuz boy am I tired then you
get the handles at the back like this
it's kind of a weird spot for Handles in
terms of carrying the case but it does
allow you to mount it
vertically without having your cables be
totally blocked off right so you'll be
able to have a nice case that's taller
but takes up less desk footprint it's
not perfect there's some issues with
like overall refinement like especially
on this middle piece I mean and you also
saw that the front things fell off but
the finish on this middle piece is kind
of rough the GPU mount's really sketchy
ended you having to use cable ties and
stuff like that so I would love to see
like a proper bracket integrated into
this system and the final kind of big
issue is the price this thing ain't
cheap this version the Nan QR is €
364 which is a lot of money and the
smaller cousin the S is
€320 but you can also get both of these
cases as open frame cases basically
without the outer shell for
€249 for the small one and € 274 for the
big one so you're kind of paying like 90
bucks just for this outside
shell um which I mean listen cutting big
pieces of metal is very expensive and I
think in terms of Aesthetics they have
knocked it out of the park in terms of
Parts compatibility they've done a great
job uh in terms of the build experience
uh I'm impressed by the manual
especially for a small company there's
air flow on every side of the case
there's room for lots of Radiators and
our other coolers so if you're like kind
of looking for something in the space
that has a similar amount of Hardware
compatibility but probably isn't as
premium of price for the big guy I would
say look at something like the subd mesh
Licious that's a great case that's about
the same size it's only $160 compared to
like the 360 that this is and if you're
looking at something comparable to this
in terms of volume look at the form dt1
if you can get it oh look at this blue I
know right it's so nice we're just
running cinch and combuster at the same
time we're not having any problems like
obviously our CPU is running really fast
after toying around with like fans and
stuff I kind of realized there's a bit
of an issue is that this is the right
side up orientation based on the nanoq
logo which means our feet should be
going under here so that we can display
it properly but the feet that are
included they don't provide much
clearance and that is where our radiator
fan is what I think would be worthwhile
would be actually having this flipped
upside down this is the bottom so that
your radiators can exhaust out the top
top and everything can kind of breathe a
little bit better unless you're on a
hard surface this is really going to
choke your intake even on a hard surface
that's not a lot of clearance quick
little pickup turns out that they
actually are fixing a lot of the
problems that I had with it in the
production version they're fixing the
GPU Mount apparently they're adding
another screw to the back hopefully they
add a little bit more cuz I still worry
about sag even with their solution they
also include a hex key in the box now
thank you it was annoying to have to get
my own the front little logo is now
flippable so it works in both
orientation of the case whether you have
the rat up or down and they're fixing
the uh magnets so that they don't uh
like fall off but they haven't fixed the
pcie cable which I'm still a little
worried about so who knows overall
thoughts I just think this is a really
cool case it's really expensive but it
is very premium there is a little bit of
controversy about QC from their previous
case and it looks like they're still
kind of working on those considering
that they sent us one that kind of broke
on the top as well as some weird finish
issues um despite the fact that they're
a Swedish company
but gosh is it not just beautiful I mean
look at it do you know what else is
beautiful people who subscribe to Short
Circuit so why don't you click that
button down there and then you can watch
more awesome content uh and if you got
time right now why don't you check out
my unboxing of the fractal Tera it's a
pretty cool case I own it myself